[OBJECT 02]
[I was freshly arrived in this era. There was a single-stall bathroom nearby, but it was locked. So I cast about and chose between the other washrooms. It was the kind with all stalls and no urinals.]

[I was gripped right above my elbows from behind. I spun around, and there was a five foot tall woman smiling at me, a customer service smile. Surprised, I grabbed her wrists on reflex -- but gently. I tried to make my six foot tall frame smaller, less intimidating. 'This is the woman's washroom,' she said. 'I know,' I said, and -- still taking pains to be ever so gentle -- pushed her hands away from my body.]

[I have regrets about how I responded to what happened. Grabbed from behind -- without my consent -- but I was the one trying not to intimidate the person who had done the grabbing. Seems like a bad joke.]

[I was afraid of scaring the woman that grabbed me, see, because I thought they would look at me and think that I was a bad person -- a dangerous person. I have heard that nonconformity can be dangerous in these times.]

[In the end, she apologized profusely. I had to do the emotional work of telling her it was okay -- it wasn't -- I had to assure her that everything was fine -- just so that I could finally get into a stall and pee.]


[OBJECT 05]
[It isn't true -- what they say -- we can change this timeline. I know it. I've seen it. I've done it. It is possible. In fact, it's inescapable. We leave traces in this time. We become quantum-entangled with what we care about -- people, things, times. A small part of us becomes forever entertwined.]

[Quantum Entanglement. Even when separated by great distances, the very substances of our being continue to affect each other... This journey into the past fundamentally changes us, and it changes what we connect to while we are here.]

[Knowing that they won't forget me or our time together when I leave, that we will still be connected on a quantum level, makes it a little easier to go. I wish I could take them with me.]

[When they tell us that 'all of this has happened before', I understand that they don't want us to mess with the course of history. But the lies have got to stop. Our actions impact this time in ways that we may not yet be able to imagine.]

[If we are altering this timeline, we should come in with our eyes open, now that we have come at all. We will continue to affect this timeline long after we are gone. We are all entangled now.] 

[OBJECT 07]
[Let me tell you about my friend. ... They are edging into their early thirties. They are burnt out. Every time they go to the doctor, they discover that they have a new health problem. They live with chronic pain and a cabinet full of prescription medicine.]

[Let me tell you about my friend. ... They smile at everyone that they meet. They give their time to their community. They are the staunchest supporters of their friends, colleagues, and family -- chosen or otherwise.]

[Let me tell you about my friend. ... Some days, they don't get out of bed. Some days, they wish that they hadn't gotten out of bed. Their cat seems to know what this soft lump of furniture signifies. They cuddle together in the early morning until they can't put the day off any longer.]

[Let me tell you about my friend. ... They own one dozen chest binders and the only time that they are not wearing one is when they are asleep. They wish that they didn't harbour such ill will toward their body. On certain lucky days of the week, they don't.]

[Let me tell you about my friend. ... They live in this era and, though they're exhausted, though they are in pain, though there seems to be no end to the demands on their attention and heart strings, though there is always background anxiety threatening to come to the fore...they are still here.]




