MISSION BRIEFING - TRACES

DESTINATION: EARTH, the Milky Way, early 21st century (2019)

Greetings, Traveler! 

You have been chosen to return to Earth's early 21st century in order to collect the trace residue from participants in our experimental research program for further analysis. You must be very excited! 

Your mission is not without danger. Please do not neglect to read the following before speaking to your handler about your departure. Your handler will tell you more about the specifics of your mission's context.

OVERVIEW AND EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
You will be scanning the trace residue for 10 travelers (see The Goal). Each trace object has 5 trace components which must be scanned, or that data will be permanently lost (see Collecting Traces). You will be assisted by your handler and our best equipment (see the Your Equipment section). When you have finished, seek the object which says "Go Home?" on it, scan it, and follow the instructions. 

THE GOAL
You are tasked with collecting the trace residue for ten (10) travelers who participated in our experimental program. This residue is linked to physical objects that you must discover by exploring the space that you will find yourself in. These are called trace objects. Trace objects tend to congregate -- you should always be able to see your next destination from where you are standing. 

The utmost discretion is necessary in order to prevent Earthlings from realizing that there are time travelers among them. If you are discovered, it will result in much confusion, and potentially worse. Use your standard-issue uniform (described below) to shield yourself from view when scanning, and make use of all your guile to be as stealthy as possible. 

COLLECTING TRACES
This trace residue is highly unstable. Each trace object has five (5) components. You must collect all five (5) components related to a trace before you move on to the next item. Failure to do so will result in the permanent, catastrophic loss of all data related to that trace, and therefore in the failure of your mission. We would be very disappointed if this happened. 

To scan a trace, place your scanner on different parts of the trace object and either read or listen to the decoded trace component. You must listen to the entirety of the component before moving onto the next. 

YOUR EQUIPMENT
1. [NEAR-FIELD COMMUNICATION SCANNER]
This scanner, which connects to the field computer, must be placed in proximity to a trace object in order to record and decode its components. 

2. [FIELD COMPUTER AND DATA DECODER/RECORDER]
This handheld computer is vital for decoding and recording the traces that you scan, as well as for receiving messages from your handler. Without it, you would also be stranded in the era that you are visiting. Treat it with care!

3. [STANDARD ISSUE INFINITY SCARF]
This standard-issue uniform is designed to be versatile, stealthy, and fit many forms. Wear it any way that you wish in order to enhance your stealth abilities. You may use it in order to conceal your equipment, hide your face, keep yourself warm and dry, or to charm Earthlings with your fashionable appearance. The only limit is your imagination!

MISSION COMPLETE?
When you have finished collecting the traces from all ten (10) travelers, seek the object that says "Go Home?" on it, and scan it for further instructions. 

WARNINGS
Earth in the early 21st is a dangerous place for trans people, and some of the traces that you uncover will no doubt contain evidence of transphobia and even violence against trans people. Please prepare yourself any way that you need to. If this is not the mission for you, please inform the handler and they will assist you. 

IN CLOSING...
*Please remember to scan all five (5) components on each trace object in order to prevent permanent catastrophic data loss and trace destabilisation. 

*Please remember to use the utmost discretion while scanning the trace objects -- do not allow Earthlings to witness the scanning process! 

Have no fear -- you have trained for this moment. You would not have been chosen if you were not ready. And remember...

All of this has happened before. 
